docs(tutorial/components): improve text and snippet code (#43)
tuono-labs/tuono-documentation: src/routes/documentation/tutorial/components.mdx

// ...
      <ul style={{ flexWrap: "wrap", display: "flex", gap: 10 }}>
--      {pokemons.map((pokemon) => (
--        <li key={pokemon.name}>{pokemon.name}</li>
++      {pokemons.map((pokemon, i) => (
++        <PokemonLink id={i + 1} key={pokemon.name} name={pokemon.name} />
        })}
      </ul>
// ...
```

> Now we have working links! If you click them, you're redirected to a blank page because the `pokemons/[pokemon]` route is not implemented yet.

Author: Makes sense to me!

> Now we have a working link! If you try clicking it, you will be redirected to a blank page because the `pokemons/[pokemon]` route is not implemented yet.

Author: > Clicking on any of them, we get redirected to the 404 page because we haven’t yet implemented the `pokemons/[pokemon]` page.

I don't see the 404 page. I'm not sure if this is meant to be changed in the future, but I changed the sentence to better reflect what's happening in the code

Reviewer: > I don't see the 404 page.

That is strange. Tuono has a default 404 page:
https://github.com/tuono-labs/tuono/blob/bf77ed1794cad376ca22374b1fe83b11dbaea49f/packages/tuono-router/src/components/NotFound.tsx#L18-L23

I'll check this.

Reviewer: https://github.com/tuono-labs/tuono/issues/617

// ...
      <ul style={{ flexWrap: "wrap", display: "flex", gap: 10 }}>
--      {pokemons.map((pokemon) => (
--        <li key={pokemon.name}>{pokemon.name}</li>
++      {pokemons.map((pokemon, i) => (
++        <PokemonLink key={pokemon.name} id={i + 1} name={pokemon.name} />
        })}
      </ul>
// ...
```

Now we have working links!

> However, clicking on them won't work yet because the `pokemons/[pokemon]` route hasn't been implemented.

Reviewer 2: You definitely know better...

```suggestion
However, clicking on them won't work yet because the `pokemons/[pokemon]` route hasn't been implemented yet.
```

Reviewer: It sounds strange to me, "yet" is already used in the first part of the phrase.
If you want to change the phrase it should be using "yet" once:

 ```suggestion
However, clicking on them won't work because the `pokemons/[pokemon]` route hasn't been implemented yet.
```

}
```

> > 💡 SASS is supported out of the box. Just install the processor in the `devDependencies` with `npm i -D sass-embedded` and run `tuono dev` again

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we rephrase here `out of the box`? The same wording is used few sentences above

Reviewer: What do we think of?

```suggestion
> 💡 SASS is supported with no extra configuration. Just install the processor in the `devDependencies` with `npm i -D sass-embedded` and run `tuono dev` again
```

Author: Makes sense to me!
